---
layout: default
title: About
permalink: /about/
---


# About me

After being especially prone to disassemble things and blow them up as a
teenager, I left my native Romania to study Chemical Engineering at Manchester.
Working for a year placement in AkzoNobel - ICI Paints during my degree, I
realised I enjoy research, in order to better understand and predict complex
systems.

I applied for a EU Marie Curie PhD studentship to study adsorption in novel
materials, such as metal-organic frameworks (MOF). Under the mantle of project
[DEFNET](https://cordis.europa.eu/project/id/641887), I moved to Marseille,
France to dedicate three years to understand the influence of structural defects
in MOFs on their adsorption performance and surface energetics in the
[MADIREL](http://madirel.univ-amu.fr/node/99) research lab. I also developed a
greater interest in adsorbent materials, with some of my work pertaining to
their applications, characterisation and unique properties such as compliance. I
continued my work in this field in [ICGM](https://www.icgm.fr/damp), including
projects for incorporating porous sensing layers in quartz microbalance (QCM)
and capacitive sensors for outer space and environmental applications.

Training-wise, I have a comprehensive background in the adsorption of gases and
vapours, with a focus on gas storage and separation, and intimate knowledge of
porous coordination polymers, their characterisation, synthesis and avenues of
application. Some experience in statistical analysis, rheology and colorimetry.
Familiar with many characterisation techniques, such as thermal analysis
(microcalorimetry, TGA, DSC), spectroscopy (XRD, IR, UV) and other qualitative
and quantitative methods (NMR, GC, MS).

In addition to my experimental work, I am interested in programming,
particularly in regards to high throughput data processing, extraction of key
performance indicators from large datasets and automation. I am self taught in
Python and C++ and currently develop several software packages to help me in my
goals. I am a big proponent of open research and strive to make all my software
open source and as robust as possible.

When not working, I spend my time geeking out with video games, upcycling and
connecting my coffee machine to the internet.
